COVID-19 affects different people in different ways. Most infected people will develop mild to moderate illness and recover without hospitalization.
Most common symptoms are fever, dry cough, tiredness. Less common symptoms are aches and pains,sore throat, diarrhoea, conjunctivitis, headache, loss of taste or smell, 
a rash on skin, or discolouration of fingers or toes. Serious symptoms includes difficulty breathing or shortness of breath, chest pain or pressure, loss of speech or movement. 
Seek immediate medical attention if you have serious symptoms. Always call before visiting your doctor or health facility. People who have have mild symptoms and are otherwise healthy, 
self-isolate and contact your medical provider or a COVID-19 information line for advice. On average it takes 5–6 days from when someone is infected with the virus for symptoms to show, however it can take up to 14 days. 

The first case of COVID-19 in India was reported on 30 January 2020. As of 9 July 2020, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has confirmed a total cases of 767,296 cases,
476,377 recoveries (including 1 migration) and 21,129 deaths in the country. The number of total confirmed cases breaching the 100,000 mark on 19 May. And total confirmed cases breaching the 200,000 on 3 June. 
Most affected cities are – Mumbai, Delhi, Ahmedabad, Chennai, Pune and Kolkata. As of 24 May 2020, Lakshadweep is the only region which has not reported a single case. On 22 March, India observed a 14-hour voluntary 
public curfew at the instance of the prime minister Narendra Modi. It was followed by mandatory lockdowns in COVID-19 hotspots and all major cities. Further, on 24 March, the Prime Minister ordered a nationwide lockdown
for 21 days. On 14 April, the PM extended the nationwide lockdown till 3 May, which was followed by two-week extensions starting 3 and 17 May with substantial relaxations. Beginning 1 June the Government has started unlocking the country (barring containment zones) in three unlock phases.

If you feel sick you should rest, drink plenty of fluid, and eat nutritious food, Stay in a separate room from other family members, and use a dedicated bathroom if possible, Clean and disinfect frequently touched surfaces.
Everyone should keep a healthy lifestyle at home, Maintain a healthy diet, sleep, stay active, and make social contact with loved ones through the phone or internet. Children need extra love and attention from adults during difficult times. 
Keep to regular routines and schedules as much as possible. It is normal to feel sad, stressed, or confused during a crisis - Talk to people you trust, such as friends and family, can help. If you feel overwhelmed, talk to a health worker or counsellor.


To prevent the spread of COVID-19(Corona) Clean your hands often, Use soap and water, or an alcohol-based hand rub, Maintain a safe distance from anyone who is coughing or sneezing, Wear a mask when physical distancing is not possible, 
Don’t touch your eyes, nose or mouth, Cover your nose and mouth with your bent elbow or a tissue when you cough or sneeze. Stay home if you feel unwell, If you have a fever, cough and difficulty breathing, seek medical attention.
Masks can help prevent the spread of the virus from the person wearing the mask to others, Masks alone do not protect against COVID-19, and should be combined with physical distancing and hand hygiene. Follow the advice provided by your local health authority.